putting pihole on a pizerow from scratch

download raspbian stretch lite and etcher (I chose portable version for reasons)

put your micro sd card into your computer and start etcher
    - select the raspbian image
    - select your microsd card
    - flash!

etcher once finished will unmount your card, so remove it and put it back in again

You should see a device called boot
    - create a text file inside called `wpa_supplicant.conf`
    - We will want the pizerow to connect automatically to the wifi, so add the following (changing where appropriate)
```
country=AU
ctrl_interface=DIR=/var/run/wpa_supplicant GROUP=netdev
update_config=1
network={
    ssid="MyWiFiNetwork"
    psk="aVeryStrongPassword"
    key_mgmt=WPA-PSK
}
```
    - SSH is disabled by default, therefore we have to enable it. Add a file `ssh` in the root of the boot device. Note the lack of file extension.
    - Disconnect the SD card, put it into you pizerow, and power it up.

The pi should now connect to your wifi network. Get the IP of it using netcat, your router, or whatever method you prefer, and SSH into it.
    - The default hostname is `pi`  and the password is `raspberry`I used the following `ssh pi@192.168.1.200`
    - running the pi on default username and password is a bad idea. Change it with `sudo raspi-config`
        - change password with `Change User Password`
        - change hostname with `Network Options` -> `Hostname` (delete the existing and add new)
        - restart pi to take effect


PiHole install
    - after SSH'ing back into the Pi, we can now install pihole
    - first `sudo apt-get update` and `sudo apt-get upgrade`
    - use `curl -sSL https://install.pi-hole.net | bash` to downlaod and execute the automated installer
    - work your way through the prompts
    - it's hands off for the most part and should complete
    - I did however get the following error:
```
[✗] Downloading and Installing FTL
Error: Unable to get latest release location from GitHub
[✗] FTL Engine not installed
```
    - this is not the first time it has happened
    - the `pihole` command did not work, and network traffic does not route

To fix
    - `sudo nano /etc/resolv.conf` and make sure it looks like the following:
```
# Generated by resolvconf
nameserver 192.168.1.1
```
    - save and exit. You should have internet access (check with `curl wttr.in`)
    - run the installer again with `curl -sSL https://install.pi-hole.net | bash`

Should install properly now.
Enter your ip address in the browser and you should see the pihole splash page

Before we log in, you might want to change the password with `pihole -a -p`

You also need to set you routers DNS settings to point at the pihole. You should also assign it a static ip to stop it dropping out.